the deadly conflict between israeli
forces and palestinian militants led by
hamas
is entering its second week and there is
little sign of a political or diplomatic
breakthrough
the united nations security council
still can't agree
on a formal joint statement today there
were clashes between palestinian
protesters
and israeli security forces in the
israeli-occupied west bank
our middle east editor jeremy bowen
reports now from jerusalem and there are
some distressing images
in the report
the israeli army blew up the car of a
man who attacked them with grenades
soldiers shot him dead it was the center
of hebron where soldiers protected
jewish settlement
in the heart of a palestinian city
[Applause]
last night a group called the al-aqsa
martyrs brigade showed off their weapons
in ramallah
on the west bank they have been quiet
since the end of the last
armed uprising around 16 years ago
their return if that's what it is is a
sign of the hardening mood on the
palestinian side
and competition between rival factions
to confront israel
this morning the al-aqsa brigade and
israeli troops exchanged fire near
ramallah the israelis said
two of their soldiers were wounded
[Applause]
this was at the damascus gate into
jerusalem's old city
egypt blames heavy-handed israeli
pressure in jerusalem
for what it calls palestinian
retaliation
the egyptians have used unusually harsh
language to
condemn israel's behavior that matters
because egyptian mediators are a
critical part of ceasefire negotiations
much more anger in more places is on
display in the palestinian territories
than during previous
wars between israel and hamas this was
bethlehem
just outside jerusalem
this kind of thing just doesn't build up
overnight
it comes after years of settlement
expansion
land confiscation what happened in
jerusalem and what's happening in gaza
was
the last straw it's about for these
people
years of israeli pressure
inside israel jaffa is shared by jews
and palestinian arabs
arab businesses across israel were
closed in a general strike that was also
solid on the west bank
in the last week coexistence between
israel's arab and jewish citizens
has broken down a disaster for national
cohesion
[Music]
hamas is still hitting israeli towns
this was ashdod
all the pounding of gaza this was an
american-made israeli bomb has not
stopped hamas
firing back that could be an incentive
for israel to respond to pressure from
its allies for a ceasefire
jeremy bowen bbc news jerusalem